[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Interplanetary Defense
and Reaction Forces were a unit
that was border patrol used for
assistance on other planets.
However, there were a number of
training exercises and training
periods that we
spent here on Earth.
Later in my deployment, I found
out a lot more information
about the history of the
space program, this one
in particular.
>> Could there be proof of an
off-planet military presence?
>> Yes.
At a certain point,
you have to go public.
It's much safer.
We all know this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Since I came into office, the
sole issue on which I've been
required to make a
decision is whether Mr.
McKinnon's extradition to the
United States would breach his
human rights.
Mr. McKinnon is accused
of serious crimes.
>> Between February
2001 and March 2002,
a Scottish system administrator
and computer hacker named Gary
McKinnon perpetrated one of the
biggest military computer hacks
on the United States.
McKinnon was accused of
hacking into 97 United States
military and NASA computers
over a 13-month period.
His goal, evidence
that the US was
hiding UFO activity and
proof that indeed there
was a secret program.
Allegedly, he found
flight records
from traffic controllers off
planet, actual UFO technology,
and he discovered lists
of off-planet personnel.
Could there really be an
off-planet military presence?
>> The late '40s were the
same time period that the Mars
Germans started planning
for and building their bases
on the moon as well as Mars.
The late '40s marked
a very crucial moment
in the development of the
Antarctic German civilization.
That was when they
started building out
their bases away from Earth.
In 1945, Major
Staver was in charge
of tracking down top Nazi
scientists in Operation
Overcast.
Most of the names
on his list were
engineers that worked at
the German Army research
center, Peenemunde,
developing V-2 rockets.
One of these famous scientists
was Wernher von Braun,
Germany's premier
rocket scientist.
>> If there's one thing we can
say for sure about the Nazis
during the Second World War
was that their technology was
highly advanced.
In many respects, far more
advanced than the Allies
even though, that ultimately,
thank goodness, we won the war.
Their scientists, for example,
in the fields of rocketry,
and biological warfare,
chemical warfare,
they were years ahead
of everybody else.
>> The issue regarding the
Nazis and their flying saucer
research is that there
is a basis in fact, here.
You know, we all
know now that there
were certain German scientists
during World War II,
I think most prominently Viktor
Schauberger, who were doing,
let's say, even genius-level
work on disk-shaped air frames.
Schauberger was a
self-taught genius
who was then
commandeered by the SS
to work for them during the war.
He did create disk-shaped craft.
They were tested.
Or of course, since that's a
real hidden part of history,
I don't think anybody
knows for sure
what happened to
the German saucers.
What we know for
absolute positive
is that they had the plans.
The drawings were on
the drawing board, OK?
The only argument is, did
they actually ever fly any?
>> The late William Tompkins,
a Navy aerospace engineer who
claimed to have designed
spacecraft for the secret space
programs believed there was
an even more incredible story
behind these vehicles.
>> It's '42, 1942.
The war is on.
Rico Botta, his hobby is
sending these Navy operatives
into Germany.
They've been going
all over Germany,
and they're staggered
at what they found.
They found that
Hitler and the SS
made an agreement with
reptilian extraterrestrials.
They found hundreds of different
types of advanced weapons being
built. These included
500-foot UFOS, round vehicles.
>> On September 3rd, 1946,
President Truman approved over
1,000 German scientists
temporary limited military
custody under a secret directive
called Operation Paperclip.
>> When we look at the entire
time frame of '44, '45, through
the late '40s, early '50s,
the British, the Americans,
and the Russians essentially
grabbed as much material
as they could, and
also the scientists.
For example, the US had
Operation Paperclip,
which was designed to bring
as many Nazi scientists
over to the US to continue
the rocket base programs out
at the White Sands
Missile Range.
Many of the German
scientists were sent there,
where they worked
on, essentially,
the German V-2 rocket.
It was just a continuation.
And of course, you
know, one of those
was Wernher von Braun, who
became one of the leading
figures in NASA later on.
So in other words, we've
got this paper trail,
and people trail as well,
going from Nazi Germany,
through Paperclip, right through
NASA through the '60s and '70s,
and all interconnected.
>> The V-2 rocket designed
by Wernher von Braun was
the world's first long-range
guided ballistic missile
powered by a liquid-propellant
rocket engine.
This rocket laid the foundation
for the space launchers.
But that is not all
he was designing.
He was also working out
preliminary concepts
for a human mission to Mars.
>> The documentation shows that
the Defense Department was very
interested in what NASA was
doing with the Apollo missions,
going to the moon, trying
to figure out, well,
it's great for science, but
how can we use that for war?
How can we use this for
intelligence gathering?
How can we ultimately
utilize what NASA
is doing for defense purposes?
And this was decades
ago, in the 1960s,
when we were just trying
to set foot on the moon.
The Department of
Defense were exploring
plans of creating a moon base.
And there are government
documents declassified
that show that they wanted
to build a base on the moon.
There absolutely could
still be that connection
between the Space
Program and Defense,
because the Defense really
gets kind of into everything.
They get their
fingers on everything.
And so it's pretty safe to say
that they're still doing things
that we don't know about.
>> Could the Defense Agency
have had a secret agenda?
And if so, could there
have been two programs,
one for the public
and one classified?
>> In fact, after '59,
the whole field went dark.
The aircraft industry was not
allowed to speak to the media
any longer about the
research they were doing.
>> Huh.
>> And none of us
knew about this.
I mean, it was known back
in the '50s, early '50s,
that there was electric
robotics research going on.
And it wasn't secret.
It was in magazines, like
"Product Engineering."
>> "Popular Mechanics?"
>> Yeah.
Things like that.
>> Stuff like that.
>> And then people forgot about
it because it wasn't discussed
anymore.
>> Right.
>> There were six crude US moon
landings from 1969 to 1972,
and then things went dark.
Why?
Some people suggest there
might be a trail to follow.
>> If you look at the
percentage of the--
of both the GNP and
the federal budget that
was going into space at the end
of the Kennedy Administration
and the end of the
Johnson Administration,
you know, it's gone down.
And I think it's
because it's secret.
>> The secret went up.
Absolutely.
>> Right.
And so I think the
trajectory continued,
but the gap between
what's public
and that trajectory
has been part of this.
>> Numerous people have come
forward claiming that they were
part of these secret space
programs beginning in 1954
and taking place as we speak.
Could these be
some of the people
that Gary McKinnon came across?
>> I'm a Captain United States
Marine Corps Special Section,
which is the covert military
space program arm of the Marine
Corps, which was formed in
about the 1954 time frame
by President Dwight Eisenhower
as response to the lack
of cooperation that he
was getting from the MJ12
committee.
In the late 1960s,
they were developing
a augmented-soldier program
to build soldiers genetically
from the ground up, which I was
in a program in the late 1960s
called Project Moon Shadows.
>> He said, we're going to
borrow your consciousness,
and you're going to
be gone for 20 years.
And I said, no.
I can't do that.
I have my mom, and
dad, and my family.
I have a family.
I can't be gone.
And he explained-- he said, no.
You're going to go
right back the next day.
It'll be like you
never left, but you
get to live this extra time.
It's going to be a huge,
like, blessing to you.
>> But if this is true, why keep
this program with its personnel
and technological
advances a secret?
>> I believe that the energy
aspect of it is probably
the single most important
core of the UFO cover up.
I think a 10-year-old child
looking at a flying saucer that
can instantly
accelerate is going
to understand somehow that
they're not using gasoline
to go around.
So it's using something better
than that, whatever that is.
Whether it's zero point or some
kind of safe, nuclear fusion,
or whatever it is.
It's not petroleum.
And therein lies--
that's the revolution.
Because implicit in
this solution of UFO
technology is a
post-petroleum civilization,
and that is the
most radical thing
that I can imagine right now
for our global power structure.
>> Is it possible we have
advanced technology that is not
available to our
current society?
Evidence seems to point to a
private and a public program
focused on exploring space that
could have happened sometime
in our history.
One thing is for sure, a
trail of technology, money,
and personal stories never seem
to stay secret with regards
to the secret space program.
[MUSIC PLAYING]